doc: add notes to changelog so users don't get confused (#7241)
ipfs/go-ipfs: CHANGELOG.md

The second feature is a face-lift to the directory listing theme and color palette.

> https://bafybeia6po64b6tfqq73lckadrhpihg2oubaxgqaoushquhcek46y3zumm.ipfs.dweb.link

> Again, make sure you're viewing this link with the right IPFS version, or view it directly on the dweb.link IPFS gateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you're viewing this link with the right IPFS version, or view it directly on the dweb.link IPFS gateway to see the updated styling.
```
